{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12000\viewh14620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 10.01.11: Demystifying Poetry Using Women\'92s Ekphrasis
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://teachers.yale.edu/curriculum/viewer/initiative_10.01.11_u\

\f0\i About
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Dean Rader. Retrieved January 23, 2024, from https://www.deanrader.com/about.html\

\f0\i About us
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Uffizi Galleries. Retrieved January 27, 2024, from https://www.uffizi.it/en/pages/about-us\

\f0\i Ancient Greek vase production and the black-figure technique (video) | Khan Academy
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 13, 2024, from https://www.khanacademy.org/humanities/ancient-art-civilizations/greek-art/greek-pottery/v/eleusis-amphora\

\f0\i Antique Print\'97Peel Castle\'97Byrnes
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 23, 2024, from http://www.rareoldprints.com/p/24686\
Aprea, J. (2019, April 5). 
\f0\i 10 Ekphrastic Poems
\f1\i0 . JSTOR Daily. https://daily.jstor.org/10-modern-ekphrastic-poems/\

\f0\i Attributed to Exekias | Terracotta neck-amphora (jar) with lid and knob (27.16) | Greek, Attic | Archaic
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://www.metmuseum.org/art/collection/search/250551\
B. (2020). 
\f0\i The Shield of Achilles (1822)
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/11561957@N06/50179371066/\
Bakare, L., Arts, L. B., & correspondent,  culture. (2023, December 14). Parthenon marbles should return to Athens, says Lord Frost. 
\f0\i The Guardian
\f1\i0 . https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2023/dec/14/parthenon-marbles-should-return-to-athens-says-lord-frost\

\f0\i Ballads and Sonnets (1881), first edition
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 27, 2024, from http://www.rossettiarchive.org/docs/2-1881.1stedn.rad.html#p312\

\f0\i Botticelli, Sandro, 1444/1445\'961510 | Art UK
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 27, 2024, from https://artuk.org/discover/artists/botticelli-sandro-144414451510\

\f0\i Cobalt Blue
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Liquitex - NA. Retrieved January 23, 2024, from https://www.liquitex.com/us/uncapped/cobalt-blue/\

\f0\i Colour story: Viridian
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Winsor & Newton - UK. Retrieved January 23, 2024, from https://www.winsornewton.com/uk/articles/colours/spotlight-on-viridian/\

\f0\i Dante Gabriel Rossetti, Pia de\'92 Tolomei (1868\'961880)
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from http://casavacanze.poderesantapia.com/art/piaditolomeirosetti.htm\

\f0\i Dante Gabriel Rossetti\'97Pre-Raphaelite, Poetry, Art | Britannica
\f1\i0 . (2024, January 12). https://www.britannica.com/biography/Dante-Gabriel-Rossetti\

\f0\i De la Mare, Breughel\'92s Winter
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 30, 2024, from https://english.emory.edu/classes/paintings&poems/delamare.html\

\f0\i Definition of EKPHRASIS
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/ekphrasis\
Development, P. (n.d.-a). 
\f0\i Ekphrastic Fantastic
\f1\i0 . Retrieved February 2, 2024, from https://www.podbean.com/media/share/dir-a8q2q-1b205976?utm_campaign=w_share_ep&utm_medium=dlink&utm_source=w_share\
Development, P. (n.d.-b). 
\f0\i Episode 90: Collaborative Ekphrastic Poetry
\f1\i0 . Retrieved February 2, 2024, from https://www.podbean.com/media/share/pb-26jjs-a3793d?utm_campaign=w_share_ep&utm_medium=dlink&utm_source=w_share\

\f0\i Dutch\'97Portrait of the Poet Homer\'97Walters 37646
\f1\i0 . (1850, January 1). [Image]. Walters Art Museum. https://picryl.com/media/dutch-portrait-of-the-poet-homer-walters-37646-78eec1\
Editorial. (2023, August 25). The Guardian view on the British Museum losses: A diplomatic own goal. 
\f0\i The Guardian
\f1\i0 . https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2023/aug/25/the-guardian-view-on-the-british-museum-losses-a-diplomatic-own-goal\

\f0\i Ekphrastic Challenge | Rattle: Poetry
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 23, 2024, from https://www.rattle.com/ekphrastic/\
Elegiac Stanzas. (2020). In 
\f0\i Wikipedia
\f1\i0 . https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elegiac_Stanzas&oldid=949886960\

\f0\i Elizabeth Barrett Browning | Biography, Poems, Sonnets, & Facts | Britannica
\f1\i0 . (2023, December 19). https://www.britannica.com/biography/Elizabeth-Barrett-Browning\

\f0\i Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Rome, February, 1859
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). NYPL Digital Collections. Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://digitalcollections.nypl.org/items/2ff340a0-0f8f-0133-00ee-58d385a7b928\
Euphiletos Painter Panathenaic prize amphora. (2023). In 
\f0\i Wikipedia
\f1\i0 . https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Euphiletos_Painter_Panathenaic_prize_amphora&oldid=1170160609\

\f0\i File:Dante Gabriel Rossetti\'97La Pia de Tolomei 03.jpg\'97Simple English Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dante_Gabriel_Rossetti_-_La_Pia_de_Tolomei_03.jpg\

\f0\i Flemish painters: Flemish art\uc0\u8239 :: Uffizi Gallery
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Virtual Uffizi Gallery. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from //www.virtualuffizi.com/flemish-painters-in-florence-and-the-gallery.html\
Flemish, U. M. (1550). 
\f0\i Head of Medusa
\f1\i0  [Oil on panelmedium QS:P186,Q296955;P186,Q106857709,P518,Q861259]. Uffizi Gallery. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:16th-century_unknown_painters_-_Head_of_Medusa_-_WGA23631.jpg\

\f0\i For \'93Spring\'94 by Sandro Botticelli (in the Accademia of Florence)\'97Collection Introduction
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 27, 2024, from http://www.rossettiarchive.org/docs/9-1880.raw.html\

\f0\i Foreign Bodies
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://wwnorton.com/books/9781324005216\
Foundation, P. (2024a, January 30). 
\f0\i Edwin Markham
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poets/edwin-markham\
Foundation, P. (2024b, January 30). 
\f0\i Ekphrasis
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/learn/glossary-terms/ekphrasis\
Foundation, P. (2024c, January 30). 
\f0\i John Keats
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poets/john-keats\
Foundation, P. (2024d, January 30). 
\f0\i Ode on a Grecian Urn by John Keats
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/44477/ode-on-a-grecian-urn\
Foundation, P. (2024e, January 31). 
\f0\i Elegiac Stanzas Suggested by a Picture of Peele Castle in a Storm, Painted by Sir George Beaumont by William Wordsworth
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/45516/elegiac-stanzas-suggested-by-a-picture-of-peele-castle-in-a-storm-painted-by-sir-george-beaumont\
Foundation, P. (2024f, January 31). 
\f0\i Elizabeth Barrett Browning
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poets/elizabeth-barrett-browning\
Foundation, P. (2024g, January 31). 
\f0\i Percy Bysshe Shelley
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poets/percy-bysshe-shelley\
Foundation, P. (2024h, February 9). 
\f0\i John Keats: \'93Ode on a Grecian Urn\'94 by Camille Guthrie
\f1\i0  (https://www.poetryfoundation.org/) [Text/html]. Poetry Foundation; Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/articles/145240/john-keats-ode-on-a-grecian-urn\

\f0\i Free Images: Compass, map, nautical, antique, navigation, vintage, direction, history, travel, historical, shipping, seafaring, shabby chic, scrapbook, line, circle, pattern 3508x2480 - Dorothe - 1442533 - Free stock photos - PxHere
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 9, 2024, from https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1442533\
Free Public Domain Illustrations by rawpixel. (2020). 
\f0\i Hand drawn blue columbine flower. Original from Biodiversity Heritage Library. Digitally enhanced by rawpixel.
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/vintage_illustration/50934385096/\

\f0\i Geograph: Piel Castle \'a9 Ian Taylor cc-by-sa/2.0
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 23, 2024, from https://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/5492738\
Gobetz, W. (2007). 
\f0\i NYC - MoMA: Vincent van Gogh\'92s The Starry Night
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/wallyg/562946325/\
Goldman, J. (n.d.). 
\f0\i Library Guides: Open Educational Resources (OER): 5 Rs of OER
\f1\i0 . Retrieved February 20, 2024, from https://libguides.nova.edu/oer/5rs\
Hawk, T. (2015). 
\f0\i Shield of Achilles
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/thomashawk/24612401380/\

\f0\i Hiram Power\'92s Greek Slave
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://dvpp.uvic.ca/poems/householdwords/1850/pom_1143_hiram_powers_greek_slave.html\

\f0\i Hiram Power\'92s Greek Slave. A poem\'97ProQuest
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://www.proquest.com/openview/fef18b0e0805ed7b68c7731c2a20d8e4/1?pq-origsite=gscholar&cbl=1818261\

\f0\i Homer | Biography, Poems, & Facts | Britannica
\f1\i0 . (2024, January 2). https://www.britannica.com/biography/Homer-Greek-poet\

\f0\i Homer, Iliad, Book 18
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 29, 2024, from https://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=Perseus%3Atext%3A1999.01.0134%3Abook%3D18\

\f0\i Homer: Poets.org | Ekphrasis
\f1\i0 . (2024, January 29). Manifold @CUNY. https://cuny.manifoldapp.org/projects/ekphrasis/resource/homer-poets-org\

\f0\i Hypatia | Death, Facts, & Biography | Britannica
\f1\i0 . (2023, December 29). https://www.britannica.com/biography/Hypatia\

\f0\i Idealized Portrait of the Poet Homer | The Walters Art Museum
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Online Collection of the Walters Art Museum. Retrieved January 29, 2024, from https://art.thewalters.org/detail/35475/portrait-of-the-poet-homer/\

\f0\i Jean-Fran\'e7ois Millet
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://www.nga.gov/collection/artist-info.1720.html#biography\

\f0\i John Flaxman | Artist | Royal Academy of Arts
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 29, 2024, from https://www.royalacademy.org.uk/art-artists/name/john-flaxman-ra\

\f0\i LaunchPad: Ancient Greek Vase Production and the Black-Figure Technique\'97YouTube
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 13, 2024, from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpLPx_Akl7Y&t=236s&ab_channel=TheArtInstituteofChicago\
Magazine, S., & Solly, M. (n.d.). 
\f0\i Rapa Nui Representatives Visit British Museum to Discuss Repatriation of Moai Statue
\f1\i0 . Smithsonian Magazine. Retrieved February 8, 2024, from https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/british-museum-hosts-rapa-nui-representatives-discuss-repatriation-easter-island-statue-180970878/\

\f0\i Man with a Hoe (Getty Museum)
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). The J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://www.getty.edu/art/collection/object/103RGZ\

\f0\i Moai | British Museum
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 8, 2024, from https://www.britishmuseum.org/about-us/british-museum-story/contested-objects-collection/moai\
Modjib, G. G. (2015). 
\f0\i 187/365: Ancient Books
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/glodjib/19978620655/\

\f0\i MUSEUM HISTORY | Acropolis Museum | Official website
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 8, 2024, from https://www.theacropolismuseum.gr/en/museum-history\
mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table\{background-color:#f0f0ff;box-sizing:border-box;font-size:95%;text-align:start\}.mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table>tbody>tr\{vertical-align:top\}.mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table>tbody>tr>th\{background-color:#e0e0ee;font-weight:bold;text-align:start\}@media. (1832). 
\f0\i William Wordsworth\'a0title QS:P1476,en:"William Wordsworth\'a0"
\f1\i0  [Mezzotint on thick, slightly textured, cream wove paper]. Yale Center for British Art. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:James_Bromley_-_William_Wordsworth_-_B1998.14.427_-_Yale_Center_for_British_Art.jpg\
mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table\{background-color:#f0f0ff;box-sizing:border-box;font-size:95%;text-align:start\}.mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table>tbody>tr\{vertical-align:top\}.mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table>tbody>tr>th\{background-color:#e0e0ee;font-weight:bold;text-align:start\}@media. (1841). 
\f0\i The Greek Slave
\f1\i0  [Serravezza marble]. National Gallery of Art. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hiram_Powers,_The_Greek_Slave,_carved_1846,_NGA_166484.jpg\
mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table\{background-color:#f0f0ff;box-sizing:border-box;font-size:95%;text-align:start\}.mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table>tbody>tr\{vertical-align:top\}.mw-parser-output .commons-creator-table>tbody>tr>th\{background-color:#e0e0ee;font-weight:bold;text-align:start\}@media. (1860). 
\f0\i French: L\'92Homme \'e0 la houe\'a0Man with a Hoelabel QS:Lfr,"L\'92homme \'e0 la houe"
\f1\i0  [Oil on canvasmedium QS:P186,Q296955;P186,Q12321255,P518,Q861259]. Getty Center. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Millet,_Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_-_Man_with_a_Hoe_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg\

\f0\i N I N E S - View Exhibit
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 6, 2024, from https://nines.org/exhibits/rossettibio\
Narasimhan, K. (2010). 
\f0\i Writing Apparatus
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/kaushiknarasimhan/4504860888/\
Norris, M. (2019, November 22). Should the Parthenon Marbles Be Returned to Greece? 
\f0\i The New Yorker
\f1\i0 . https://www.newyorker.com/culture/cultural-comment/should-the-parthenon-marbles-be-returned-to-greece\
Ode on a Grecian Urn. (2023). In 
\f0\i Wikipedia
\f1\i0 . https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ode_on_a_Grecian_Urn&oldid=1182246638\
OSU School of Writing, Literature and Film (Director). (2020, September 17). 
\f0\i \'93What is Ekphrasis?\'94: A Literary Guide for English Students and Teachers
\f1\i0 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySS-IZMPjjc\
Parker, S. (2020, January 31). 
\f0\i Poets and lovers: The two women who were Michael Field
\f1\i0 . The Conversation. http://theconversation.com/poets-and-lovers-the-two-women-who-were-michael-field-130411\

\f0\i Parthenon
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 6, 2024, from https://projects.iq.harvard.edu/whoseculture/parthenon\

\f0\i Parthenon Sculptures: Pressure growing on British Museum
\f1\i0 . (2023, July 21). https://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-66239150\

\f0\i Peele Castle in a Storm by Sir George Beaumont
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Art Fund. Retrieved January 27, 2024, from https://www.artfund.org/supporting-museums/art-weve-helped-buy/artwork/5340/peele-castle-in-a-storm\

\f0\i Peele Castle in a Storm, Cumbria | Art UK
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://artuk.org/discover/artworks/peele-castle-in-a-storm-cumbria-81334\

\f0\i Photo by Ena Marinkovic on Pexels
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Pexels. Retrieved February 9, 2024, from https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-book-of-poetry-on-a-wooden-table-3700658/\

\f0\i \'93Plaque of the Ergastines\'94 fragment from the frieze on the east side of the Parthenon (video) | Khan Academy
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://www.khanacademy.org/_render\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-a). 
\f0\i Edwin Markham
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/poet/edwin-markham\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-b). 
\f0\i Ekphrasis
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/glossary/ekphrasis\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-c). 
\f0\i Elizabeth Barrett Browning
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/poet/elizabeth-barrett-browning\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-d). 
\f0\i Homer
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/poet/homer\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-e). 
\f0\i John Keats
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/poet/john-keats\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-f). 
\f0\i Notes on Ekphrasis
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 30, 2024, from https://poets.org/text/notes-ekphrasis\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-g). 
\f0\i On the Medusa of Leonardo Da Vinci in the Florentine Gallery by Percy Bysshe Shelley\'97Poems | Academy of American Poets
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/poem/medusa-leonardo-da-vinci-florentine-gallery\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-h). 
\f0\i Percy Bysshe Shelley
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/poet/percy-bysshe-shelley\
Poets, A. of A. (n.d.-i). 
\f0\i The Man with the Hoe by Edwin Markham\'97Poems | Academy of American Poets
\f1\i0  [Text]. Poets.Org. Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://poets.org/poem/man-hoe\
Poni\'9e, K. M. (2020a). 
\f0\i \'93Beat purer, heart, and higher, Till God unsex thee on the heavenly shore.\'94: Elizabeth Barrett Browning\'92s tribute to George Sand
\f1\i0 . https://books.ung.si/katjamihurko/chapter/chapter-7-beat-purer-heart-and-higher-till-god-unsex-thee-on-the-heavenly-shore-elizabeth-barrett-brownings-tribute-to-george-sand/\
Poni\'9e, K. M. (2020b). 
\f0\i Literary Foremothers
\f1\i0 . University of Nova Gorica Press. https://books.ung.si/katjamihurko/\

\f0\i Portrait Gallery:The Greek Slave\'97Poem
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from http://landmarks.allenbrowne.info/GreekSlave/\

\f0\i Rapa Nui Representatives Visit British Museum to Discuss Repatriation of Moai Statue | Smart News| Smithsonian Magazine
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 8, 2024, from https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/british-museum-hosts-rapa-nui-representatives-discuss-repatriation-easter-island-statue-180970878/\

\f0\i Rilke, Archaic Torso of Apollo
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Dean Rader. Retrieved January 23, 2024, from https://www.deanrader.com/apollo.html\

\f0\i Rossetti Paintings, Bio, Ideas
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). The Art Story. Retrieved February 6, 2024, from https://www.theartstory.org/artist/rossetti-dante-gabriel/\
Royal Collection Trust (Director). (2021, January 13). 
\f0\i Shield of Achilles
\f1\i0 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTNn-SuV4fQ\

\f0\i Samuel Butler | English Author, Novelist & Poet | Britannica
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 29, 2024, from https://www.britannica.com/biography/Samuel-Butler-English-author-1835-1902\
School,  anonymous, Flemish & Sailko. (1600). 
\f0\i Medusa / Head of Medusalabel QS:Lit,"Testa decapitata di medusa"
\f1\i0  [Oil on panelmedium QS:P186,Q296955;P186,Q106857709,P518,Q861259]. Uffizi Gallery. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Otto_marseus_van_schrieck_(ambito),_testa_decapitata_di_medusa,_1600-50_ca._01.jpg\

\f0\i Sight and Song (1892) | Michael Field
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 11, 2024, from https://michaelfield.dickinson.edu/book/sight-and-song\

\f0\i Sir George Beaumont, 1753-1827 | Collector\'92s biography | National Gallery, London
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 27, 2024, from https://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/about-us/history/collectors-and-benefactors/sir-george-beaumont\
Smarthistory (Director). (2012, September 29). 
\f0\i Attic Black-Figure: Exekias, amphora with Ajax and Achilles playing a game
\f1\i0 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2fdtepbkz8\

\f0\i Spring by Botticelli
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Uffizi Galleries. Retrieved January 27, 2024, from https://www.uffizi.it/en/artworks/botticelli-spring\

\f0\i \'93Stolen friend\'94: Rapa Nui seek return of moai statue
\f1\i0 . (2018, November 18). https://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-46222276\
The British Museum (Director). (2014, August 1). 
\f0\i Prize amphora showing a chariot race
\f1\i0 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTRctTr7MyA\

\f0\i The Ekphrastic Review
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). https://www.ekphrastic.net/\

\f0\i \'93The Greek Slave\'94 by Hiram Powers (1805-1873)
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://victorianweb.org/sculpture/usa/powers2.html\

\f0\i The life and work of Elizabeth Barrett Browning
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 8, 2024, from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkSWGqMDBEY\

\f0\i The Poet Speaks of Art
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved January 31, 2024, from https://english.emory.edu/classes/paintings&poems/titlepage.html\

\f0\i The Shield of Achilles
\f1\i0 . (2016, October 27). New Hope Courses for Homeschoolers. http://newhopecourses.org/blog/2016/9/29/the-shield-of-achilles\

\f0\i The Uncertain Literary Afterlife of Elizabeth Barrett Browning \'8b Literary Hub
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 8, 2024, from https://lithub.com/the-uncertain-literary-afterlife-of-elizabeth-barrett-browning/\

\f0\i Time Traveler by Merriam-Webster: Words from 1715
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 9, 2024, from https://www.merriam-webster.com/time-traveler/1715\

\f0\i Use this image 167548003\'97| British Museum
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://www.britishmuseum.org/collection/image/167548003, https://www.britishmuseum.org/collection/image/167548003\

\f0\i Use this image 194162001\'97| British Museum
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://www.britishmuseum.org/collection/image/194162001, https://www.britishmuseum.org/collection/image/194162001\
Vail, K. (2018, May 14). Hephaestus Forging the Shield of Achilles: Art Through the Ages. 
\f0\i Medium
\f1\i0 . https://medium.com/@kv.achilles/hephaestus-forging-the-shield-of-achilles-art-through-the-ages-edcb42b7c5e0\
valadi, S. (2015). 
\f0\i The Parthenon\'97Acropolis, Greece
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/132084522@N05/16760266187/\

\f0\i Voyage of the Sable Venus by Robin Coste Lewis: 9781101911204 | PenguinRandomHouse.com: Books
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). PenguinRandomhouse.Com. Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/250774/voyage-of-the-sable-venus-by-robin-coste-lewis/\
Wagner, P. (1996). 
\f0\i Icons, Texts, Iconotexts: Essays on Ekphrasis and Intermediality.
\f1\i0  (1st ed., Vol. 6). Walter de Gruyter.\
Webb, R. (2009). 
\f0\i Ekphrasis, Imagination and Persuasion in Ancient Rhetorical Theory and Practice
\f1\i0 . Taylor & Francis Group.\
Weiss, J. (2018). 
\f0\i Elgin Marbles, Ancient Egypt, The British Museum
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/jweiss3/47803867181/\
What are the Elgin Marbles and how did Britain get them? (2014, December 5). 
\f0\i BBC News
\f1\i0 . https://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-30342462\
White, K. (2021, January 15). 
\f0\i Sandro Botticelli\'92s \'93Primavera\'94 Is a Mysterious Celebration of Spring. Here Are 4 Things You May Not Know About This Marvel
\f1\i0 . Artnet News. https://news.artnet.com/art-world-archives/sandro-botticelli-primavera-4-things-to-know-1937013\

\f0\i Who owns the Parthenon sculptures? (Video) | Khan Academy
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 7, 2024, from https://www.khanacademy.org/humanities/ancient-art-civilizations/greek-art/classical/v/who-owns-the-parthenon-sculptures\

\f0\i William Wordsworth
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Historic UK. Retrieved February 23, 2024, from https://www.historic-uk.com/CultureUK/William-Wordsworth/\
Wordsworth, W. (2012). 
\f0\i English: A hand-written manuscript of William Wordsworth\'92s \'93I wandered lonely as a cloud\'94 also known as \'93Daffodils\'94 (1802). It was inspired by a visit to Ullswater. \'a9 The British Library Board 065858. BL Add. MS 47864
\f1\i0 . http://prints.bl.uk/art/475159/I_wandered_lonely_as_a_cloud_Daffodils. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:William_Wordsworth_-_I_wandered_lonely_as_a_cloud.jpg\

\f0\i Write Your Own Ekphrastic Poem
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). SubjectToClimate. Retrieved February 2, 2024, from https://subjecttoclimate.org/lesson-plan/write-your-own-ekphrastic-poem\

\f0\i Writing and Responsibility: Elizabeth Barrett Browning\'92s Poetics \'96 An Exhibit Curated by Fiona Sampson \'96 ABL Digital Exhibits
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 8, 2024, from https://sites.baylor.edu/abl-collections/2022/11/10/writing-and-responsibility-elizabeth-barrett-brownings-poetics-an-exhibit-curated-by-fiona-sampson/\
Zajdowicz, T. (2016). 
\f0\i Shield of Achilles
\f1\i0  [Photo]. https://www.flickr.com/photos/thadz/31680177383/\
}